Add more info to validation error (#1890)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue in the **split** command where splitting failed when using relative input/output paths.
* Added warning when inferred files are missing.
* Added to **validate** a validation for integration image dimensions, which should be 120x50px.

> * Added to **validate** a validation that differ between the case when a fetch required param is malformed or missing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved an error in the **validate** command to better differentiate between the case where a required fetch parameter is malformed or missing.
```
